Adds a warning flag on trace_collection in docs (#135)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/trace_collection.md

# Android Trace Collection

> <div class="alert alert-info">This is a technical preview release. It is not officially supported.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">The Android Trace collection is in public alpha, and is currently not officially supported by Datadog.</div>
```
